Wouldn't it be great if there is a database of proven tactics and strategies tailored to your business
that you can take and apply to your Facebook campaigns.
Well the great news is that there is Facebook has cataloged and organized a ton of case studies on success
stories here.
These are all real businesses getting real results would face for cards and you can access these.
Any time you need to go to Facebook dot com forward slash business forward slash success and the great
thing is is that you can break these down by business size.
The goal that you want to achieve the industry that you're in the product that you want to test it on
Facebook and even the region that you are from.
So what I've done is really picked out for case studies and I'm going to walk you through them step
by step analyze them break them down.
And these are for completely different types of businesses.
We've got a local at retail business for the physical location.
Got an app business.
We've got a solo Perner online consultant and we have got an e-commerce business.
So we're going to go through each of these one by one looking at their objectives that targeting the
ad forment that they use.
And of course the results as well.
I'll also show you one cool trick for how you can analyze any that pops up in your Facebook news feed
and how to create your own personal database.
These eye catching ads seek news and to inspire your own campaigns.
So be sure to stick around to the end for that.
So let's kick it all off and have a look at case number one.
And it's for the vocal clinic.
And as you can probably guess from the image here this is case to the fore for a local business has
a physical location.
What I'm going to do is walk through this case study.
Pick out the important points and the keys to success that you need to focus on.
Give me a little insights along the way as well.
It's the perfect place to start and really where you should start any analysis or where you should start
thinking about your own campaigns is really understanding the goal.
So the goal for the vocationally clinic here was to generate interest.
They wanted to engage potential clients and more specifically they wanted to attract inquiries from
people interested in the clinic's services.
So notice here that they're not trying to get the sale directly from the Facebook ad they're just trying
to generate leads.
So now that we understand that their objective is to generate leads.
Let's have a closer look at what they actually offer.
So V-Vocal clinic is a business in Arland and this is a perfect case study to start with because I'm
from our end as well and they offer surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures.
So probably things like breast augmentation laser surgery Botox that type of stuff.
So we understand their objective is to generate leads with a better understanding of the business.
Let's take a closer look at their targeting.
They targeted their ads and this is really key to their success to get click through those to get conversions
and three reduce waste as well.
So there isn't a lot of information about targeting here.
But if we move then we can see products used core targeting and I've opened this up here.
And courts are going to remind you is really using targeting options like location demographics interests
behaviors and connections.
And my guess here is that the vocal clinic probably targeted their ads by a certain location so a radius
may be around the clinic of people who could easily reach the clinic so they could come in for the actual
services and also by demographics.
My guess is that there are services primarily appealed to women and definitely women of a certain age
category as well who are legally able to do these type of surgeries.
So now that we understand the targeting a little bit better.
And what are the targeting options that they used.
Let's have a look at their budget.
It's another key to success.
And you can see that they started with a small advertising span of just €50.
So this is the right way to do it.
They started small and they really built up from there.
And actually if you see that they started about 50 years but they have now 10x their Facebook investments
so they're probably looking at 500.
I'm not sure if that's five hundred a month but you can see that they tested something it worked then
they scaled it.
And that's the that's the right way to do it with the budgets as well.
Then the next key to success is really the odd creative and we can actually see the ads that they used
here which is pretty cool.
We can see that there are two outs that they used here.
Two types of different copying.
And I think you'll agree that these are very visual very eye catching.
There is a great image here kind of black background white clothes and they're definitely relevant because
this is a woman here they're probably trying to attract the attention of a woman she's looking good
she's in her gym gear for overhears all pitchers are women as well.
So they're really appealing to the person that they're trying to attract they're looking fit and they're
really showing the success story as well.
This is why people want to look like you probably want their services.
So we know it's visually appealing.
We know it's relevant.
Let's have a look at the offer here.
So want to learn more abayas our treatments by our award winning team.
Just click get quote and we'll be live to answer your questions.
So the offer here is will answer your questions.
You will call me back.
Free of charge.
And so that's a pretty good offer.
I mean there's no risk there.
Just click through and we'll call you back.
And a final point to note is that the vote could clinic use a certain type of format.
It's called a lead right.
And then although you can see any real difference here the difference is after you click through here
on the Get quote button lead out when you use this brings the person to a landing page with in Facebook
it's an enquiry form where their details are already pre-filled by the information they've submitted
to Facebook.
So that solves two big problems for advertisers one that the person doesn't have to fill in their details
because Facebook has already pre-filled it probably more importantly they don't need to leave Facebook
in order to give you their information.
They don't need to go off to a Web site that maybe don't trust or wait for it to load up in order to
give you information.
It just makes it really seamless and is probably a key reason.
This ad was so effective.
So let's wrap it all up and bring it to together here.
Even if you have absolutely no intention of setting up a surgical or nonsurgical cosmetic clinic where
you're not in that you're at that business at all.
There are some key takeaways from this case study.
One is that they got really clear on their goal and really everything led from there.
Their goal was to generate leads not get the sale.
That's probably perfectly suited to the type of business they're in because it's going to be very hard
to close four thousand five hundred euros sale from a face because they do the right thing to just focus
on generating leads.
They they created their ad to really promote that get a quote.
And they use this lead ad format in order to regenerate those leads quickly.
They use images that are visually appealing and relevant to the audience that have a good offer.
And they used CT targeting location demographics to really get time front to the right audience.
So you can see that everything kind of has to fit together and work together in order to create these
successful campaigns.
And you can see the results here that they really got an 90 percent lower cost per lead than any other
channel.
They've got a ton of leads coming from Facebook.
And as we said they 10x their investment after this.
So that wraps up case to number 16 number one.
Let's have a look now at Casely number two.
So let's have a look at case study number two now.
And this is for an op business and we're going to move through this case study and the remaining ones
a lot quicker.
So let's get straight into it.
Their objective with this campaign was really to get new app users so they want to increase up in stalls.
Let's have a look at what this app actually does.
It lets customers manage multiple and can send budgets from a single interface.
So really helping people with personal finance.
I think that's great.
There's a lot of people really struggle with that need help with that so the apps really solving a good
problem there.
Let's look at how they targeted their odds.
And you can see here that they used look alike audiences.
And if you remember this is really reaching people who are already similar to your customers or contacts.
So people are already using the app people to visit your web site.
People are already on your e-mail list or connected to your Facebook page.
So good strategy to really increase up in stalls so we understand the targeting now using look like
audiences.
Let's have a look at the ad created here to see if they take the boxes.
Well it's definitely visually appealing.
There's a nice picture here and it's relevance because we've got a girl here looking at her phone.
She's outside having a coffee.
Life looks easy.
And so this is a good success picture really paint and she's looking at her phone as also gives us that
clue that something related to your phone.
There's a good offer here as well.
If you could predict your budget and never bet we find short at the end of the month that's translated
from French French but I get the idea.
You know it's going to help you not be sure at the end of the month.
No he likes that problem.
And this is going to help you do that.
Very clear call to action at the end again here.
Install now.
So taking a lot of boxes there for a successful are creative and let's have a look at the ad format
as well.
They used a mobile app install it and if we look at this when you click on this install Now button what
this does is linked directly to the App Store Google Play and Kindle Fire.
So depending on your device it will send you to the right place to download it so that people can download
it straight away.
And again it's just making it seamless.
Taking items unnecessary steps and that really helps advisors.
So again the key takeaways here are very clear on their goal.
They set up an ad that was really tailored to that.
And then they even tapped into lookalike audiences mobile app stores and video ads to bring that all
together and really make that work and let's have a look at some of the results.
Forty percent increase in op installations and 52 percent of active users generated by Facebook traffic.
So not only do people then load the app but they also became users of the OP as well which is very important
ultimately for the business as well.
So it wraps up.
Case number two let's have a look now at case number three in this case that is pretty interesting because
it shows how woman Nawabi company is using Facebook ads to grow her business.
Her name is Murka.
She's from the Czech Republic and she's into something pretty obscure which is astrology.
What she actually does is offer and prepare personalized horoscopes.
So I don't think you get any more knish or obscure than this and read the point of including this case
it is to show you that look you don't have to be a company to take advantage of Facebook ads and you
don't even need to be in to something that is a huge industry.
I don't think you get any more obscure than preparing personalized astrology reports.
And I think it's fantastic that she's taking advantage of Facebook ads in order to score a business.
So let's have a look at how she targeted people for her ads and really find people who are interested
in getting personalized horoscopes.
So what she did was use custom audiences from her Web site so probably retargeting people who had visited
her Web site but not taken that step to actually purchase the personalized report.
She also used that custom audience to create a look alike audience so that she is really targeting people
not only who visited a web site but people who are like those people and using that audience to really
drive sales.
So let's have a look at her odd creative here and look at see if it really takes the boxes.
So we can't really read the text here because it's in check.
But you can see that the images are definitely catching attention and I'm sure that you've got the word
for the horoscope here you've got some questions that are probably pulling you in and you've got the
call to action to really learn more so it's not a hard drive to to get the sale.
I'm sure it's leading them towards this page here on our Web site where there is the opportunity to
go ahead and buy the reports at a prison pretty reasonable price of 23 euros.
So summing up this case study we can see that it's pretty you know an obscure business.
She's probably working from home.
She's making a big success.
She's getting a 3x return on her investments so that means she's putting in zero.
She's getting three years back.
And that is a fantastic place to be in because her business will never kind of stop making revenue.
She's a predictable way to make revenue.
Spend €1 on Facebook ads.
Get three years back.
Who doesn't want that.
I'd definitely take that any day of the week.
Rupp's of case number three solo Perner person working from home.
Let us now look at the final case study for the Arab brothers which is an e-commerce business.
In this case study is particularly good for understanding how to use retargeting for an e-commerce store
or a retargeting in general.
So we can see that their objective was to raise their awareness but also to increase sales as well.
And if you come a little bit further down here that we can see that their objectives were to get clicks
to Web sites and to really get Web site conversions as well.
So some of the targeting that they did and this is probably the most interesting part of this case to
me here is that they split up their ads into three different groups and had really three separate objectives.
One is target people who had added an item to their basket.
So probably reminding people to come and finish the process on really going straight for that low hanging
fruit getting people who had almost purchased but not quite finished through next level then really
targeting people who viewed specific items but never made it to the checkout process.
And then finally people who had visited the arm brother Web site so you can see that Halai preorder
is prioritises groups are starting with the people who are closest to making a purchase and then targeting
people who are the one step back from that.
And then again targeting people who are one step back from that again and these photo and video ads
that clearly show the problem popped in the news feed.
We don't have the examples here yet.
But really the objectives were get people to the Web sites and get people to convert and finish those
purchases as well.
And looking up at some of the results here they got a 13 x increase on their return on their outspends
of putting euro yet know 13 euros or dollars back.
And this is the amazing thing here 50 percent of their revenue directly generated by Facebook ads in
2016.
So they have built their business on the back of Facebook ads and that just shows I think is a great
metric to finish up these case studies on to really show how powerful that is.
If you really applied strategies and get them right and I particularly shows how powerful that retargeting
is as well when you go for that low hanging fruit and pick up those warm leads as well as Qasimi be
trying to get people to the Web site and do some brand awareness stuff.
Those cases are really helpful.
But there's one thing that you can do on a daily basis that's going to make you a much much better Facebook
advertiser.
And that is to analyze the ads that pop up in your own news feed.
You're going to know it's anon because it says sponsored here.
Here's one really cool trick that you can use.
You see that little drop down here.
Just click on that and you can click on this button.
Why am I seeing this sign.
And this is going to help you understand the targeting that the advertiser has set up for this campaign
so I can see here that Linked-In wants to reach people who have visited their web site or one of their
apps and more specifically they want to reach people who were ages 18 and older who live or were recently
in Ireland.
So I know that they are using a custom audience and also using those targeting features based on demographics
and location.
So that's a cool little trick that you can do to understand why you're seeing the ads in your news feed.
And also if you like these ads like this Saturday you can see that it's got a cool learn more potent
on the image and that does make me want to click that and if I want to replicate that in my campaigns
and make sure I remembered it what I can do is actually click here download the drop then again click
Save Link on what I'm going to be doing is really saving all of these ads creating my own personal database
of ads that inspired me that caught my attention and that's going to help me create much better ads.
Now if you want to save all these say or finally save dads it come across to saved here and you can
see a list of all of the ads you can click down to save from and you can see the original post here
won't appear like an ad which you can see and access that again so can help inform your own campaigns.
Sort of recap then in this lecture we looked at four case studies from four completely different types
of businesses.
You can see that all of them are using Facebook gods effectively to grow their business.
They're using different strategies.
And I hope that this shows you that tailor tactics and strategies that you can use for yourself.
Of course any time you can come in to Facebook TACAN for slash business for his success check these
cases for yourself.
Start to analyze them in the way that we've done in this election that you learn to do.
And also you've learned how to create your own database of ads you can really use to inspire your own
campaigns.
So I hope you find that next helpful.
I'll see you in the next lecture.